[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So yeah, that's pretty
much HTTP React Native, it's just fetch.
Obviously you need a reliable API,
like we kind of have, but not really.
So the next thing we're gonna talk about,
Redux.
I don't wanna get too much into Redux,
cuz there's so much you can talk about,
it could be a course on its own.
But we're just gonna talk
a little bit about it and
how we're gonna organize our application.
Because tomorrow, we gonna be
building out a full application.
So let's just get into that.
So what we'll do is, first thing we
want to do is npm install redux.
>> Scott Moss: Npm install --save
redux and also react-redux,
we'll install both of those too.
And what redux is is just a state
solution for our components.
It's just like a single state store
that we can use in our application.
And then we create actions
to change that state.
It keeps our state predictable and
it keeps it flowing in one direction so
we can use it pretty simply.
So now that we have that,
what we're gonna do is,
let's just set up a basic Redux
app here to see how that works.
So we'll create some state,
we'll create a reducer, and
then we'll create an action
to change that state.
And we'll see what that actually looks
like, then we'll hook it all up.
All right, so let's actually do this and
I'll just go ahead.
Actually, I'll push this up what I
have right now right quick first.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, that's pushed up.
>> Scott Moss: All right, and I'm just
going to use the same Reddit thing that I
have here for the Redux example.
So the first thing I want
to do is start our app.
I'm just gonna make a new folder and
we'll call it,
actually I'm just not gonna
do the folders right now.
Let's just put this all into some files.
>> Scott Moss: Make a new
folder called store.
So the way Redux works is you create
a store which is where all of our
application state is gonna live.
And then we create a reducer for
each part of our store.
And what the reducer's job is,
it's pretty much just to tell Redux how
the new state is gonna
look after its modified.
Cuz all the state is gonna be immutable,
so we just need to define hey,
whenever I change this state,
I'm gonna create this reducer which
is gonna define how it looks now.
This is how it used to look,
this is how it's gonna look now,
it's just reducing it.
And then we created actions to
actually change that state.
So the actions change the state,
which trigger the reducers.
And then our components subscribe to
that and then we get a update and
it re-renders.
So we're gonna walk through
all that right quick.
So the first thing we do
is actually create a store.
So what we'll do is we'll import.
>> Scott Moss: creatStore from redux.
>> Scott Moss: That's
the first thing we'll do.
And what we'll do is
we'll just go ahead and
we also need to import something from
our reducers that we haven't made yet.
So we'll just say from reducers
>> Scott Moss: Reducers, there we go.
Now we'll just call this reducer,
we haven't made that yet.
And all we'll do is we'll
just say export const
store,
>> Scott Moss: Equals create,
>> Scott Moss: Store,
>> Scott Moss: With the reducer.
>> Scott Moss: That's it, so
we'll do that, and that'll be our store.
So the next thing wel do is go ahead and
create our reducers.
So we'll say reducers,
>> Scott Moss: And a reducer
is just a function that takes a state and
returns a new state, that's all it does.
It's a pure function, no side effects.
Given a state and an action that
was called, return the new state,
that's all it does.
So we'll make one reducer for
our Reddit data right here.
We'll make a reducer that
just gets the data and stuff.
So the first thing we'll do is
we'll come inside of reducers.
We'll say const export,
actually INAUDIBLE] we don't export this.
We'll say const reddit, and
we'll set that equal to a function.
Remember, our reducer's a function
that takes a state and a action and
it returns a new state.
So the state gonna the first argument, and
we'll just set that default to be an array
just in case there's nothing there,
so default to an array.
And then the next thing is gonna be an
object with the action that was invoked.
Now all we need to do is
just return a new state.
So my default, I'm just gonna
say just return the given state,
which is gonna be an array at first.
So we'll have that,
>> Scott Moss: And
then we'll just say export, actually,
we're only going to have one reducer.
So I guess we could just export this.
There we go, so we'll just return that.
>> Scott Moss: So now what we wanna do is
we wanna define some actions that when
called, are gonna trigger this reducer.
So actually we need to do that up top.
We're just gonna do all this in one file,
so we'll say an action type.
Most people do those make constants
with the action types in this case.
We'll do the same thing, and
we'll call this one FETCH_POSTS.
And what it does it's the same,
we're gonna give it the same name of
FETCH_POSTS, there we go, and a string.
And then we'll have another one that says,
FETCH_POSTS_COMPLETE.
>> Scott Moss: So we have two actions now,
we have an action that's
called FETCH_POSTS and
an action called FETCH_POSTS_COMPLETE.
So all we have to do inside this reducer
is depending on which action was fired,
which type, we can change state around.
So what we'll do is we'll just do
a quick switch statement here.
And the statement that we want to switch
on is going to be on the action.type.
So we'll say action,
>> Scott Moss: .type and
the expression is,
let's just say for FETCH_POSTS,
we're just not gonna do anything for
FETCH_POSTS.
We'll just say return the state,
whatever you are.
And then the case for
FETCH_POSTS_COMPLETE,
what we want to do,
>> Scott Moss: Is we actually want to,
the state FETCH_POSTS_COMPLETE, the action
is gonna have a payload property.
Which is gonna be the payload
from the server, and
we wanna set that equal
to be the new state.
So what we'll do now is we'll just say,
just return,
>> Scott Moss: Payload,
or I'm sorry, action.payload.
>> Scott Moss: And then we just need to
set up a default for the switch statement.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
>> Scott Moss: So we're gonna go over
this when we put everything together.
It's gonna make more sense
when we see the picture.
So if you're following along and
like what the hell's going on?
We're gonna go over it once
it's all put together.
But basically all we're doing here is
we're just creating a reducer that's
given an action, define what
the next state's gonna look like.
So the actions are these two actions
right here, these two types.
So when FETCH_POSTS happens, nothing,
just return the state that was before.
When FETCH_POSTS_COMPLETE happens,
return the action.payload,
which is going to be what
was sent from the server.
So this is going to be the new state.